coronaviruses are a type of virus the
one we're all talking about is new and
it causes a disease called Co vid 19 now
most people will only be mildly affected
by it but it can kill it starts by
affecting our upper respiratory tracts
which are the Airways from your nose
just above your vocal cords you may
develop a fever as your immune system
starts to fight the virus and a dry
cough that's one where you don't produce
any phlegm the virus can then spread to
the lungs making it harder for people to
breathe and it can cause pneumonia in
the most serious cases people can die
from the corona virus this is because
the immune system can go into overdrive
and that can lead to organ failure so we
need to do what we can to stop this
virus from spreading as it gets into
your body by breathing it in or through
your eyes and mouth the best thing to do
is wash your hands regularly and
properly for at least 20 seconds catch
your colds and sneezes in a tissue and
avoid touching your face
you